---
date: 2026-04-19
tags: [daily]
---

# Sunday, April 19, 2026

## 🪞 Journal


Hello Ebru,

  

Apologies to contact you on a Sunday. But I need to Jane help fast and I’m not sure what todo. Last night Jane had an episode. I don’t know what else to call it. 

  

After being intoxicated, she was rejected by our kids and tried to go to a hotel. I wouldn’t let her because she has been drinking and I didn’t trust her to be smart or safe.

  

The conversation escalated and she became physical with me. Which woke up our oldest daughter. While trying to manage the situation she continued to be physical (with me only). She eventually got a key from me. I tried to stop her from driving but she used the car to push me out of the way. And she drove away intoxicated.

  

I finally made contact with her and found out she was safe and then later made it to a hotel. I believe she is with Scott. But at this point just being safe is the only important thing.

  

I’m writing because she needs immediate mental health care. But if she won’t voluntarily go then I’m uncertain my options.

  

She was approved to for admission into Silver Hill on Thursday. I don’t know if this is the right place for her. But I’m not sure if matters at this point.

  

I’m also texting Jenny (Blanco I believe her last name is) the psychiatrist.

  

She is supposed to come back to the house this morning so she can be with kids. But I have them at her mother’s house as I don’t believe it’s safe for them here.


## 🎯 Today
- [ ] Pepsi
- [ ] Skateboarding
- [ ] [Jane book](https://www.artifactuprising.com/build?projectId=16d69f5a-54cb-4e11-9797-d35a71540f8a&flashId=10e4a835-7fc8-4153-8bb1-442afddac8af&flashToken=$2a$04$WlApb/dpOO8R7Y6H8Ij/xObzI71imMVcgKxM7YTOixjkUsIDwx5vO)
- [ ] Return ski
- [ ] Olives school
- [ ] Dinner with adelle
- [ ] Caterpillar
- [ ] Dispensary
- [ ] Dice space


## ⏫ Next Up
- [ ] Estate planning
- [ ] Money for St Johns
- [ ] Check out sublime
- [ ] Tim
- [ ] Lindamoon bell
- [ ] Palmetto hotel
- [ ] Summer reading tutor for Billie
- [ ] Deal with Credenza
- [ ] Clean coffee pot
- [ ] LR4 in — call dealer
- [ ] Ice skating
- [ ] How do I start journaling more
- [ ] Take Coat in to fix button
- [ ] Pick up shoes from Darien shoe repair
- [ ] Plan Yankees game with Dad — this summer
- [ ] Jamie xx sep 9th
- [ ] Read Olive school
- [ ] Prepare backyard and under deck for spring/summer
- [ ]  Return Canvas to whole foods
- [ ] Research Saturday morning cartoons for kids
- [ ] Open [claw](https://open.substack.com/pub/robertheubanks/p/openclaw-on-mac-mini-the-complete?r=buor&utm_medium=ios) 


---

## 📅 Calendar
> Check Full Calendar for today's events

---

## 📋 Evergreen Lists
- [[Read]] | [[Watch]] | [[Listen]] | [[Buy]] | [[House Items]] | [[Games]]

---

## 🌙 End of Day
- What got done?
- What rolls to tomorrow?
- One win: