---
date: 2026-04-01
tags: [daily]
---

# Wednesday, April 1, 2026

## 🪞 Journal

**text to Kevin**

Hey. I can do after girls go down...I could stay up late to get on a call. What about you?

Ahead of it I wanted to write down some quick thoughts:

- Jane and I are both focused on working together to figure out what we want out of our marriage and what we both want of ourselves, while trying to be better parents. We're hopeful it works out with us together. But if it doesn't we will be strong co-parents.

- Jane is dealing with really difficult questions and insights on herself right now and needs a lot of support. She has had some really scary and hard days. And we've realized she has not been in a good place for awhile. To be honest I haven't either. 

- But I feel very good about how Im handling all this. Im generally very open and optimistic about all the changes I want/need to make.

- Jane (and in a large part myself) feel very judged/closed off by our community and friends. People have turned on her, and myself. 
  
- We want to look at you and Marissa as an understanding / safe space for both of us. I know you have your emotional ties to this too, but right now need support and not judgement. Before we come out there we would need to be able to feel that is something you can do: support us without bringing in judgement. But understand if you cant.





I went out for dinner last night with Adam (of Kat and Adam). It was the first night since this all happened that I just started sharing some my deeper thoughts and emotions on what’s been going on…outside of talking to Jane or therapy. Last night I just kept talking.

I realized one reason I was able to do that was because they created a safe /judgement-less space for us. They've just been focused on how they can help us and all about listening. Adam definitely has shared his thoughts with me and Im sure has judgements but they havent felt in the way.

And thats what we're looking from you and Marissa. It's been hard not feeling like I had a safe space in you or many people. Now you are coming from a very different place than Adam and Kat. We are all much more connected and invested in each other. And I came to you all first with the news and that I know was hard / emotional. And I know you are all concerned about how Im doing with this.

But what makes this so much harder is that Jane (and I) have felt judged/evaluated in every facet of our lives right now. By the community here, each other, possibly her mom, and to a point you all. 

Its hard to get this all out on text, or even talking out loud. But I think its this at a high-level.



**Call with Mig @ Duolingo**
- Business context
	- A/B test machine
- They could focus on squeeze juice out of free users
- But instead want to
	- How do we reinvest in the product experience
	- Teach better
- Make a trade off
- Think long term
- Role
	- - Head of design for the new subjects
	- Becoming a learning company not just language
	- really invest in what makes DuoLingo DouLingo
- 1000 person company
- Design is 2nd largest behind engineering
- Looking for best next thing
- Next steps
	- He is going to get me some folks to talk to
		- Hit up Mig via email mig@duolingo.com
		- Message him: Hey get me setup with all people
		- And get setup with paid accounts
	- 


I don’t have it in me to argue but I also want to avoid having any more anxiety / panic.

I thought you acted strange when I came into bathroom with your phone. It threw me off. It could have been nothing. I’m spent. Idk.

I believe Im allowed to feel and act like that…. I try hard not to but I’m still trying to build trust with you and looking for you to help me build that trust.

Your reaction was also defensive. So it makes me feel even less trust in you.

I would have hoped your reaction would have been to shoot down any doubt / weirdness I picked up on.

So now I’m not sure what to do. 

Are you talking to him and you’re not telling me because you know how I feel / will react?

Are you just being defensive because you don’t trust me / don’t want to feel like a prisoner.

I don’t know. I need you to let me know what to do here. 

## 🎯 Today

- [ ] Plan for NYC
- [x] Return KPOP
- [x] Frozen cereal - Bowl of cereal with milk. Put the spoon in. Then put in the freezer the night before
- [ ] Husband Gfits
- [ ] Call Palmetto
- [ ] 
- [x] Fix front camera




## ⏫ Next Up
- [ ] Register Olive Kindergarten 
- [ ] Mark Riley
- [ ] Email to Alex
- [ ] Email to Mig
- [ ] Flyte health 
- [ ] Clean fish tank
- [ ] Money for St Johns
- [ ] Start process of making [Jane book](https://www.artifactuprising.com/build?projectId=16d69f5a-54cb-4e11-9797-d35a71540f8a&flashId=10e4a835-7fc8-4153-8bb1-442afddac8af&flashToken=$2a$04$WlApb/dpOO8R7Y6H8Ij/xObzI71imMVcgKxM7YTOixjkUsIDwx5vO)
- [ ] Ice skating
- [ ] Call bethel BMX - [203-798-6373]
- [ ] Clean coffee pot
- [ ] Return Desk mat
- [ ] Take Coat in to fix button
- [ ] Return ski
- [ ] LR4 in — call dealer
- [ ] Share karaoke machine idea with Jane for Billie's birthday
- [ ] Plan Yankees game with Dad — this summer
- [ ] Install Xcode
- [ ] Jamie xx sep 9th
- [ ] UCNS — clean up / organize playlists
- [ ] UCNS — research new music
- [ ] UCNS — practice


## 🔽 Low Pri
- [ ] Setup bikes
- [ ] Tuna fish recipe
- [ ] Darien shoe repair
- [ ] Build virtual snow leopard
- [ ] Research winter tires for Defender
- [ ] Saturday morning cartoons
- [ ] Fix pocket knife


## 🛒 Buy

- [ ] 

---

## 📅 Calendar
> Check Full Calendar for today's events

---

## 📋 Evergreen Lists
- [[Read]] | [[Watch]] | [[Listen]] | [[Buy]] | [[House Items]] | [[Games]]

---

## 🌙 End of Day
- What got done?
- What rolls to tomorrow?
- One win: