---
date: 2026-04-16
tags: [daily]
---

# Thursday, April 16, 2026

## 🪞 Journal

Prep for Chris
- tell him story of past 6 months
- Recent diagnosis
- 
- My reaction to everything
	- My medical leave / recharge
- Questions I’m trying to answer
	- Why did I react like that?
	- Why haven’t I confronted scott
- Part of the reason we got here was due to me
	- Fear and confidence 
- My own anxiety over the years and fear
- unclear what I want
- ADHD
- goal of getting his support in my medical leave


Saturday 11-2
Chris - 


Hi Jenny. It’s Brent. Jane’s husband. Thanks for all your time and effort yesterday. 

I’m hesitant/concerned about reaching out to you, as I don’t want to put in an uncomfortable position and to be honest I don’t want Jane to find out I’ve reached out. So apologies ahead of time.

But I wanted to let you know I’m here if you want to talk in supporting Jane. 

Im not sure Jane believes that fully. So wanted to make sure I shared that with you.

I’m sorry to ask but I’d appreciate it if you didn’t share this with Jane.

Thank you.



## 🎯 Today
- [ ] Pepsi
- [ ] Jenny
- [x] Prep for Chris
- [ ] Wegovy
- [ ] Skateboarding
- [ ] [Jane book](https://www.artifactuprising.com/build?projectId=16d69f5a-54cb-4e11-9797-d35a71540f8a&flashId=10e4a835-7fc8-4153-8bb1-442afddac8af&flashToken=$2a$04$WlApb/dpOO8R7Y6H8Ij/xObzI71imMVcgKxM7YTOixjkUsIDwx5vO)
- [ ] Return ski
- [ ] Olives school
- [ ] Dinner with adelle


## ⏫ Next Up
- [ ] Estate planning
- [ ] Money for St Johns
- [ ] Check out sublime
- [ ] Tim
- [ ] Lindamoon bell
- [ ] Palmetto hotel
- [ ] Summer reading tutor for Billie
- [ ] Deal with Credenza
- [ ] Clean coffee pot
- [ ] LR4 in — call dealer
- [ ] Ice skating
- [ ] How do I start journaling more
- [ ] Take Coat in to fix button
- [ ] Pick up shoes from Darien shoe repair
- [ ] Plan Yankees game with Dad — this summer
- [ ] Jamie xx sep 9th
- [ ] Read Olive school
- [ ] Prepare backyard and under deck for spring/summer
- [ ]  Return Canvas to whole foods
- [ ] Research Saturday morning cartoons for kids


---

## 📅 Calendar
> Check Full Calendar for today's events

---

## 📋 Evergreen Lists
- [[Read]] | [[Watch]] | [[Listen]] | [[Buy]] | [[House Items]] | [[Games]]

---

## 🌙 End of Day
- What got done?
- What rolls to tomorrow?
- One win: