---
date: 2026-04-15
tags: [daily]
---

# Wednesday, April 15, 2026

## 🪞 Journal

### Taxes

We're experiencing intermittent system issues with the personal income tax extension web application

If you receive an error when attempting to submit your personal income tax extension:

1. Log out of your Online Services account
2. Search _Extension_ from tax.ny.gov
3. Select [Request an extension online](https://www8.tax.ny.gov/RPXT/rpxtStart) from the search results
4. Follow the prompts to complete filing your extension
5. If you need to make a payment with your extension
6. Log in to your Online services account and select the _Services_ menu in the upper-left corner of your _Account Summary_ homepage. Then Select _Make a payment_ under P_ayments, bills, and notices_. Then Select _Pay my extension_ from the drop-down menu. or
7. Print and mail [Form IT-370 Application for Automatic Six-Month Extension of Time to File for Individuals Tax Year](https://www.tax.ny.gov/pdf/current_forms/it/it370_fill_in.pdf) with a check, postmarked by April 15, 2026.

The personal income tax filing due date is Wednesday April 15, 2026. If you file an extension, or make a return, extension, or estimated payment before midnight of the due date, we will consider it to be submitted on time.

We apologize for any inconvenience.


203-522-8127
Jennifer Blanco




## 🎯 Today

- [ ] Pepsi
- [x] Reschedule VCA
- [x] Check with Lincoln
- [x] Pay Taxes
- [x] Chris on yard
- [ ] Wegovy
- [ ] Laurie docs
- [x] Dispensary - Fine Fettle and Stamford Cigar Lounge
- [ ] Skateboarding
- [ ] [Jane book](https://www.artifactuprising.com/build?projectId=16d69f5a-54cb-4e11-9797-d35a71540f8a&flashId=10e4a835-7fc8-4153-8bb1-442afddac8af&flashToken=$2a$04$WlApb/dpOO8R7Y6H8Ij/xObzI71imMVcgKxM7YTOixjkUsIDwx5vO)
- [ ] Return ski
- [ ] 


## ⏫ Next Up
- [ ] Estate planning
- [ ] Money for St Johns
- [ ] Check out sublime
- [ ] Tim
- [ ] Lindamoon bell
- [ ] Palmetto hotel
- [ ] Summer reading tutor for Billie
- [ ] Deal with Credenza
- [ ] Clean coffee pot
- [ ] LR4 in — call dealer
- [ ] Ice skating
- [ ] How do I start journaling more
- [ ] Take Coat in to fix button
- [ ] Pick up shoes from Darien shoe repair
- [ ] Plan Yankees game with Dad — this summer
- [ ] Jamie xx sep 9th
- [ ] Read Olive school
- [ ] Prepare backyard and under deck for spring/summer
- [ ]  Return Canvas to whole foods
- [ ] Research Saturday morning cartoons for kids


---

## 📅 Calendar
> Check Full Calendar for today's events

---

## 📋 Evergreen Lists
- [[Read]] | [[Watch]] | [[Listen]] | [[Buy]] | [[House Items]] | [[Games]]

---

## 🌙 End of Day
- What got done?
- What rolls to tomorrow?
- One win: