I don’t have much to say but im writing to write. 

We closed the deal with Lyft today. Well to be clear, NYC approved the deal and announced it. We officially close the deal tomorrow. 

What a fucking shitshow. And Im probably the perfect example of someone who let it take over their life and went down a rabbit hole. 

A huge panic-inducing, depressive steady state, rabbit hole. I wonder if damage has been done.

And what happens, I immediately question my decision on my position choice and reach out to Ethan to talk it through. Sigh. What the fuck.

What am I worried about? What am I trying to think through?

Im worried about working for Katie. Just something doesn’t rub me right about her. Its funny because our first call, I loved talking to her.  I felt like I was talking to myself. But either  because I lightly got blown off, or that I didnt like how I felt after the Calibration exercise (I think it was that)., I just didnt feel like I gelled with her after. And I felt judged by  her.

Whats wrong with that? Nothing probably. She should judge me. 

I guess maybe another thing that concerns me is that I dont really consider myself that smart. So when I see people catching things in the UX flows that I should have caught (Dave Bellona’s great email for example) I question if product design is really my strong suit anymore. …or was it ever.

Is it because they all went to grad school, and I didnt?

Life.

I also woke up from dream last night that I did something and Jane started yelling at me. she yelled so much that it woke me up.


#journal
